hi I'm Shaun my cell teacher here at
Cottonwood Golf Club and today I'm going
to show you how to hit the ball solidly
virtually every single time and with me
is Steve the male golf model and he is
going to show you how to how this
happens okay he's not a professional
golfer he doesn't play one on TV but
he's gonna show you how to do it so the
thing that we're gonna work on is we're
gonna show you how to put the club on
its proper plane or in other words the
correct angle into the golf ball so I'm
going to happen to do is I'm going to
show you in slow motion how we do it
with Steve as our male model and then
after that I'm going to show you in real
time what this looks like so first thing
we do is have Steve set up to the golf
ball and he's using a short Club all
right and what's gonna happen is as
Steve sets up he's going to start taking
the club back around the golf ball and
he's gonna make sort of a circular wide
path as he comes back around now as you
can see what starts happening is as he
takes the club back his left arm starts
to roll over and what that's going to do
is set it on its proper angle and what
does that look like I'm going to show
you so as we bring the club back down
you can see the angle of the shaft at
address what we want to do is when we
hit the ball we want to return it to
this original angle as closely as we can
so Steve will take it back again and as
he goes back he'll roll it and as you
can see it's sitting at approximately
the same angle as when he started it
doesn't have to be perfect it just needs
to be as close as we can so we're gonna
do next is we're gonna go ahead and show
you in real time what's going to happen
here in just a moment okay so first
we're going to show you what this looks
like in real time so Steve go ahead and
set up to the ball and I'm gonna go
ahead and have Steve hit a short Club so
you can see the differences the planes
are gonna be slightly different but the
good news is they don't have to be
exactly the same or perfect it's go
ahead Steve
okay so happened there as Steve comes
down you make solid contact with the
ball and push it a little bit right but
what we're worried about right now is
just making solid consistent contact
with the ball so now we're going to show
you the difference between the short
Club and Steve's driver so I'm going to
go into yup the ball for Steve go ahead
and grab your your driver now the
difference you're gonna see with this
swing is this angle when he comes back
and let's just do a quick little slo-mo
for the people-watching is as he comes
back go ahead and slow-mo back you can
see it's gonna be a little bit flatter
than the other Club when he sets the
short Club the shorter Club is going to
be at a taller or steeper angle this is
going to be at a more shallow or flatter
angle okay so now that we've done the
slow-mo let's go and see the driver in
live-action and what you're gonna notice
is when Steve sets up the ball just
before he takes the club back the club's
going to illuminate this is no parlor
trick it's just a way so that you can
see the angle and the plane of the club
a little more clearly so go ahead and
Steve
and that's how you hit the ball solid
there's going to be slight adjustments
between different clubs but they're not
major major adjustments but what you
want to do when you start learning the
game or if you're struggling and just
making solid contact is if you learn how
to practice the swing plane you're gonna
hit the ball solid more time than you're
not gonna hit it solid and the way that
you want to practice is when you take
your club like your irons per se you
just want to brush the grass just brush
the grass if you brush in the grass
you're on the right plane if you're
hitting your driver you just want to
clip the very top of the tee okay if you
ever want to check yourself doing this
and you don't have a male golf model
like Steve around that's the easiest way
to do it so what I want you to do now is
take this video click the share button
below down below the screen share it
with your friends and they'll definitely
thank you for it and you can make them
buy you a beer once they start getting
the ball better